README.md, before:

[![Run Testing](https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/actions/workflows/run_testing.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/actions/workflows/run_testing.yml)
[![Danger Checks](https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/actions/workflows/danger_checks.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/actions/workflows/danger_checks.yml)
![Coverage](.github/badges/jacoco.svg)

# NBAToday
Note that NBA Today must be used in conjunction with [NBAToday-Server](https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday-Server)

## About
With a range of features designed to enhance your NBA experience, this app is perfect for fans who want to stay up-to-date with their favorite teams and players.

**Check your favorite team's schedule**, **view live score updates**, and **check out score box in real-time**. Want to know how your team is performing in the league? Simply **view the standings page to see how they stack up against the competition**.

From points per game to field goal percentage, NBA Today has all the data you need.

Looking for information on individual players? This app includes **personal profiles and career stats for every player** in the league. **Learn more about their background, achievements, and career milestones**.

Customize your experience by **selecting your preferred theme color**, and for those who like to bet on their favorite teams, I've got you covered with the option to **place bets** within the app.

Overall, NBA Today is the perfect companion for basketball fans.

## Technology
[![](https://mermaid.ink/img/pako:eNp9kM1OwzAQhF8l2lMjpSH_tnxAoglISPTSCA5gDqYxNCKOI9dRCWnenW0KiBPWHuzx59nxjrDVlQQGb0Z0O-duw1sH19UTh_tbzttFrlWn9-KlkS6HZ2e5vDxyuGn04aK0wkoOR2e14PBQy8ManRoO7tli9c3m2uje1u2M5ohuJBrWVpvhf7ZAthBWlIii4IIHShol6grjjqeHHOxOKrxjuK2EeefA2wk50VtdDu0WmDW99KDvKsxa1AJ_qYC9imb_q15Xpyw_ZCfaR63VnyOwET6AhZT4JIhoEiVpRpOMeDCgGvs0ppQkNEhiGmdZNHnwORsEPokIoWmS0TAIUywP5NxrfZ74PPjpCyFidfE?type=png)](https://mermaid.live/edit#pako:eNp9kM1OwzAQhF8l2lMjpSH_tnxAoglISPTSCA5gDqYxNCKOI9dRCWnenW0KiBPWHuzx59nxjrDVlQQGb0Z0O-duw1sH19UTh_tbzttFrlWn9-KlkS6HZ2e5vDxyuGn04aK0wkoOR2e14PBQy8ManRoO7tli9c3m2uje1u2M5ohuJBrWVpvhf7ZAthBWlIii4IIHShol6grjjqeHHOxOKrxjuK2EeefA2wk50VtdDu0WmDW99KDvKsxa1AJ_qYC9imb_q15Xpyw_ZCfaR63VnyOwET6AhZT4JIhoEiVpRpOMeDCgGvs0ppQkNEhiGmdZNHnwORsEPokIoWmS0TAIUywP5NxrfZ74PPjpCyFidfE)
[![](https://mermaid.ink/img/pako:eNp1k9tugkAQhl_FzFWbUOMBYcNFk1qttvWM2hO92MJaTcU1y9LUGt-9y6wVQoRwwf9_MzvDZmYPPg8YOPAp6HZZmja9TUk9N28eTNiWRyvJxc6D99LV1XWpeeFBk0kPLo9R6N4qt0NDlrPbynb9JQvidR61FBqt6Y6JHLhTYMpomLM7yp5Fmegm2l1l97hP1y6PhZ8W6SK9V7RF-cm9Rfchm5OmPCB8PJvSu0juIuSS5er0EPcRS8EXq_RmWogGBQ0OkA5z1XTOqKjaCPH4XLW2_rWs6Glxh2JS0McEqZvrQ-dMi_qYIp6d66ODaF6UqfETlpPUVZOVsjmy53On3iN6OaZ90CjNetRIi2FWuFnRR_GaDCQT35k5GmugxSwrnrUAA0ImQroK1IrsE-SBXLJk2B31GVDx5YG3Oag4Gkvu7jY-OFLEzIB4G1DJWiuqNisEZ0HX0cltB8le_Udu6eaV8zAjwdnDDzhVYpftSo2YNbNhEdOyDdgpt14mdUJsk1TMOqlbVu1gwC8eUCnbNdsmDdMi1Uq1oV4DGNbq6y3HZT_8AcE0EPg?type=png)](https://mermaid.live/edit#pako:eNp1k9tugkAQhl_FzFWbUOMBYcNFk1qttvWM2hO92MJaTcU1y9LUGt-9y6wVQoRwwf9_MzvDZmYPPg8YOPAp6HZZmja9TUk9N28eTNiWRyvJxc6D99LV1XWpeeFBk0kPLo9R6N4qt0NDlrPbynb9JQvidR61FBqt6Y6JHLhTYMpomLM7yp5Fmegm2l1l97hP1y6PhZ8W6SK9V7RF-cm9Rfchm5OmPCB8PJvSu0juIuSS5er0EPcRS8EXq_RmWogGBQ0OkA5z1XTOqKjaCPH4XLW2_rWs6Glxh2JS0McEqZvrQ-dMi_qYIp6d66ODaF6UqfETlpPUVZOVsjmy53On3iN6OaZ90CjNetRIi2FWuFnRR_GaDCQT35k5GmugxSwrnrUAA0ImQroK1IrsE-SBXLJk2B31GVDx5YG3Oag4Gkvu7jY-OFLEzIB4G1DJWiuqNisEZ0HX0cltB8le_Udu6eaV8zAjwdnDDzhVYpftSo2YNbNhEdOyDdgpt14mdUJsk1TMOqlbVu1gwC8eUCnbNdsmDdMi1Uq1oV4DGNbq6y3HZT_8AcE0EPg)

Built with the latest in Android app development technologies! Use the **MVVM and Repository Pattern**.

Here are the key technologies I've used to create this app:
- Jetpack Compose
- Coroutine & Coroutine Flow
- Compose Navigation
- Retrofit
- Room
- DataStore
- Koin

## Video
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32809761/219942203-224beaa9-a135-439d-9e14-f51f6078b260.mp4

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32809761/221369247-c05eee72-dfca-4f18-9c57-9c10bc025235.mp4

## Screenshot
<p float="left">
<img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796391.png"  width="200" height="400">
<img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796416.png"  width="200" height="400">
<img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796494.png"  width="200" height="400">
  <img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796545.png"  width="200" height="400">
   <img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796556.png" width="200" height="400">
   <img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796441.png"  width="200" height="400">
   <img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796475.png"  width="200" height="400">
</p>

## To-do list
- [X] Write Unit Tests
- [X] Write End to End Tests
- [ ] CI
- [ ] Deploy NBA Today Server

Commit message:

New: Adding the description of the CI workflow

README.md, after:

[![Run Testing](https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/actions/workflows/run_testing.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/actions/workflows/run_testing.yml)
[![Danger Checks](https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/actions/workflows/danger_checks.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/actions/workflows/danger_checks.yml)
![Coverage](.github/badges/jacoco.svg)

# NBAToday
Note that NBA Today must be used in conjunction with [NBAToday-Server](https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday-Server)

## About
With a range of features designed to enhance your NBA experience, this app is perfect for fans who want to stay up-to-date with their favorite teams and players.

**Check your favorite team's schedule**, **view live score updates**, and **check out score box in real-time**. Want to know how your team is performing in the league? Simply **view the standings page to see how they stack up against the competition**.

From points per game to field goal percentage, NBA Today has all the data you need.

Looking for information on individual players? This app includes **personal profiles and career stats for every player** in the league. **Learn more about their background, achievements, and career milestones**.

Customize your experience by **selecting your preferred theme color**, and for those who like to bet on their favorite teams, I've got you covered with the option to **place bets** within the app.

Overall, NBA Today is the perfect companion for basketball fans.

## Technology
[![](https://mermaid.ink/img/pako:eNp9kM1OwzAQhF8l2lMjpSH_tnxAoglISPTSCA5gDqYxNCKOI9dRCWnenW0KiBPWHuzx59nxjrDVlQQGb0Z0O-duw1sH19UTh_tbzttFrlWn9-KlkS6HZ2e5vDxyuGn04aK0wkoOR2e14PBQy8ManRoO7tli9c3m2uje1u2M5ohuJBrWVpvhf7ZAthBWlIii4IIHShol6grjjqeHHOxOKrxjuK2EeefA2wk50VtdDu0WmDW99KDvKsxa1AJ_qYC9imb_q15Xpyw_ZCfaR63VnyOwET6AhZT4JIhoEiVpRpOMeDCgGvs0ppQkNEhiGmdZNHnwORsEPokIoWmS0TAIUywP5NxrfZ74PPjpCyFidfE?type=png)](https://mermaid.live/edit#pako:eNp9kM1OwzAQhF8l2lMjpSH_tnxAoglISPTSCA5gDqYxNCKOI9dRCWnenW0KiBPWHuzx59nxjrDVlQQGb0Z0O-duw1sH19UTh_tbzttFrlWn9-KlkS6HZ2e5vDxyuGn04aK0wkoOR2e14PBQy8ManRoO7tli9c3m2uje1u2M5ohuJBrWVpvhf7ZAthBWlIii4IIHShol6grjjqeHHOxOKrxjuK2EeefA2wk50VtdDu0WmDW99KDvKsxa1AJ_qYC9imb_q15Xpyw_ZCfaR63VnyOwET6AhZT4JIhoEiVpRpOMeDCgGvs0ppQkNEhiGmdZNHnwORsEPokIoWmS0TAIUywP5NxrfZ74PPjpCyFidfE)
[![](https://mermaid.ink/img/pako:eNp1k9tugkAQhl_FzFWbUOMBYcNFk1qttvWM2hO92MJaTcU1y9LUGt-9y6wVQoRwwf9_MzvDZmYPPg8YOPAp6HZZmja9TUk9N28eTNiWRyvJxc6D99LV1XWpeeFBk0kPLo9R6N4qt0NDlrPbynb9JQvidR61FBqt6Y6JHLhTYMpomLM7yp5Fmegm2l1l97hP1y6PhZ8W6SK9V7RF-cm9Rfchm5OmPCB8PJvSu0juIuSS5er0EPcRS8EXq_RmWogGBQ0OkA5z1XTOqKjaCPH4XLW2_rWs6Glxh2JS0McEqZvrQ-dMi_qYIp6d66ODaF6UqfETlpPUVZOVsjmy53On3iN6OaZ90CjNetRIi2FWuFnRR_GaDCQT35k5GmugxSwrnrUAA0ImQroK1IrsE-SBXLJk2B31GVDx5YG3Oag4Gkvu7jY-OFLEzIB4G1DJWiuqNisEZ0HX0cltB8le_Udu6eaV8zAjwdnDDzhVYpftSo2YNbNhEdOyDdgpt14mdUJsk1TMOqlbVu1gwC8eUCnbNdsmDdMi1Uq1oV4DGNbq6y3HZT_8AcE0EPg?type=png)](https://mermaid.live/edit#pako:eNp1k9tugkAQhl_FzFWbUOMBYcNFk1qttvWM2hO92MJaTcU1y9LUGt-9y6wVQoRwwf9_MzvDZmYPPg8YOPAp6HZZmja9TUk9N28eTNiWRyvJxc6D99LV1XWpeeFBk0kPLo9R6N4qt0NDlrPbynb9JQvidR61FBqt6Y6JHLhTYMpomLM7yp5Fmegm2l1l97hP1y6PhZ8W6SK9V7RF-cm9Rfchm5OmPCB8PJvSu0juIuSS5er0EPcRS8EXq_RmWogGBQ0OkA5z1XTOqKjaCPH4XLW2_rWs6Glxh2JS0McEqZvrQ-dMi_qYIp6d66ODaF6UqfETlpPUVZOVsjmy53On3iN6OaZ90CjNetRIi2FWuFnRR_GaDCQT35k5GmugxSwrnrUAA0ImQroK1IrsE-SBXLJk2B31GVDx5YG3Oag4Gkvu7jY-OFLEzIB4G1DJWiuqNisEZ0HX0cltB8le_Udu6eaV8zAjwdnDDzhVYpftSo2YNbNhEdOyDdgpt14mdUJsk1TMOqlbVu1gwC8eUCnbNdsmDdMi1Uq1oV4DGNbq6y3HZT_8AcE0EPg)

Built with the latest in Android app development technologies! Use the **MVVM and Repository Pattern**.

Here are the key technologies I've used to create this app:
- Jetpack Compose
- Coroutine & Coroutine Flow
- Compose Navigation
- Retrofit
- Room
- DataStore
- Koin

## CI workflows
NBA Today utilizes two CI workflows: `Danger` and `Testing`.

All generated reports, including Danger, testing result and jacoco code coverage reports, are archived on GitHub for easy access and reference

### Danger workflow
The Danger workflow is designed to enforce coding standards and catch potential issues early in the development process.

Danger checks:
1. [ktlint](https://pinterest.github.io/ktlint/latest/): Enforces Kotlin coding style.
2. [detekt](https://detekt.dev/): Performs static code analysis for Kotlin.
3. [Android lint](https://developer.android.com/studio/write/lint): Ensures adherence to Android coding conventions.

Utilize [Danger](https://danger.systems/kotlin/) to comment on PR with any issues found, alerting the PR author or reviewer.

### Testing workflow
The Testing workflow focuses on ensuring the reliability and correctness of the codebase by running both unit and Android tests. Additionally, it generates a code coverage report using [jacoco](https://www.jacoco.org/jacoco/).


## Video
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32809761/219942203-224beaa9-a135-439d-9e14-f51f6078b260.mp4

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32809761/221369247-c05eee72-dfca-4f18-9c57-9c10bc025235.mp4

## Screenshot
<p float="left">
<img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796391.png"  width="200" height="400">
<img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796416.png"  width="200" height="400">
<img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796494.png"  width="200" height="400">
  <img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796545.png"  width="200" height="400">
   <img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796556.png" width="200" height="400">
   <img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796441.png"  width="200" height="400">
   <img src="https://github.com/s2g090123/NBAToday/blob/master/image/Screenshot_1676796475.png"  width="200" height="400">
</p>

## To-do list
- [X] Write Unit Tests
- [X] Write End to End Tests
- [ ] CI
- [ ] Deploy NBA Today Server
